everybody it's rocky I'm here with my
friends from fav diets calm and today
I'm going to making some New England
clam chowder it's going to be low in fat
low in car but still be rich creamy and
delicious so let's get started the first
thing I'm gonna do is round up some
turkey bacon
my bacon is ground up and it is smelling
delicious so I'm going to do is transfer
my begin onto a plate in the same pot go
ahead cosmic some cauliflower that I
chopped up in some white wine
and the cauliflower is going to act as
my potatoes and list it so I want to
keep this nice and low carb and
cauliflower is an excellent substitute
for the table commissary you warm this
up and get the onions caramelized and
stock
about five minutes or so I have a can of
clans right here and just open them up
I'm going to go ahead and drain them I'm
going to reserve the juice though
going to open up the second can do the
same now i'm going to Vincent my clams
alright so my onions are looking nice
and translucent and soft and my
cauliflower is get a little on the brown
side so I'm gonna go ahead and add some
quinoa flour
then mix that around a little bit
adding the clam juice
so let's come to a boil
so the juice is coming to a boil so I
just turned it down let it simmer on low
for a bit until my cauliflower is tender
cauliflower is just about tenders I'm
going to go ahead and add in my clams
and I'm instant
and then I'm going to pour it in some
almond milk some pepper
salt now i'm going to let this come to a
boil
it's coming to a boil I'm just going to
toss my turkey bacon in just to add
another level of flavor what that turkey
bacon keep back up and then I think
we're ready to serve and taste test
I am really really happy with the way
this came out we didn't use a lot of fat
we didn't use a lot of flour to thicken
but it's still creamy it's still thick
it's still rich that turkey bacon just
adds a little bit of smokiness ultimate
saltiness
and I don't miss the potato at all the
man have the cauliflower that has the
same texture
mm-hm
this is definitely going my rotation as
far as go to meals so there we have it
do you guys have any questions just go
ahead and shoot them below the full
recipe nutritional facts and pictures
will be on my blog spot which i'll post
a link to below and until next time
enjoy bye